Mean Joe green here with the 19 and 69
Dodge Charger r/t
which was suggested by clowns
one-one-niner that's his gamertag sent
me a voice message requesting it if you
guys really want to I don't see why you
would I may be less convenient but you
know do whatever the hell you want if
you want to suggest if you want to
suggest a car or request a car over Xbox
Live that guess that's chill that's fine
with me
so yeah now let's go underway with the
car I didn't want to swap the V tenants
of this car because that's slanderous
well not in my opinion who doesn't to
keep the Hemi in here this thing is
meant to have it you know it's a v8
muscle car and I don't want to swap the
Viper v10 into it so I kept it it's not
that it isn't a very powerful enough
engine it's the problem with this car is
it's very heavy
it's very bode and it's very sluggish
and responsiveness it's not very
responsive at all but it's a hell of a
lot of fun to drift it looks badass you
have to kill at least three people if
you want to drive it and my stripe on
the back is really awesome if
you haven't noticed I believe the
original stripe on the back of this was
white and so I placed a thinner red
stripe within the thinner red stripe red
stripe hipster beard I placed a thinner
red stripe within the white stripe
creating stripes ception thus creating a
beautiful stripe design on the back of
this car and
it's a piece of art in its own and this
douchebag flew by me on the straightaway
and up there you go right onto the grass
what are you doing man having a picnic
yeah that's right
don't drive by me if you're just gonna
do that freaking fool god damn this
track though I was lucky to have this
track to this car I don't know why I
love this track everybody tries to skip
it I don't know why I love drifting the
sweepers I think it's a lot of fun and I
think it's a great way to stay in shape
you know you can keep a nice long chain
of drifts going but as you can kind of
tell I'm getting really shallow angle
and maybe that's just me but I guess I
wasn't feeling too risque this game but
I wasn't oh you know I got it was pretty
it was pretty shallow angle like I was
getting but oh well it's a Dodge
Chargers badass and probably to
kill these five people if you won't
drive it you know and you can't be good
either if you drive this car you have to
have malicious intentions because it's a
bad guy's car no good people ever drive
Dodge Chargers come on let's be real you
know mother Teresa isn't gonna drive up
down the streets in a Dodge Charger
probably like or sama bin Laden would
drive something like this I don't know
that that was just really stupid and not
very funny at all and for that I think I
should be fired but I'm drifting of
course oh wait I got I forgot I got to
do my every video since DMI foxes and
all these I have to give a shout out so
I'm drifting with my boy DMI Fox in this
video and we make a great team
I tried tandem Inge with him and he's
just done a whole nother level he just
leads me in the dust and I'm sitting
there trying to pick up my lunch that I
spilled metaphorically ah so yeah this
commentary flew by
oh my willikers over all those cars a
little bit too sluggish but it's a
badass car and it was it was pretty fun
to drift so yeah if you want to drift
this car you can because no one controls
what you drifting what you don't drift
so with that lesson learned go out in
their community do community service
propose to your wife
don't do drugs do drugs and then have a
make a great story write a book about it
sell lots of it get a Nobel Peace Prize
to talk about talk to other kids about
not doing drugs after you did drugs
because I told you to and you overcame
your drug problem and it's a great story
alright thanks for watching bye